[HB-9320] add funnel docs (#119)
hashboard-hq/documentation: pages/docs/data-modeling/event-analytics.mdx

  - Events will be ordered by this attribute. Typically this is a timestamp representing when an event was detected.
- **Entity**
  - Event sequences will be segmented by this attribute. This will be the entity that "moves through" a funnel. This should be a unique identifier maintained across a series of events, such as user_id or session_id.
- **Event name**
  - The most common attribute used to differentiate events. Typically this is a named identifier for the event, such as event_name or event_type.
  - Users will still be able to match to custom event patterns based on attributes other than (or in addition to) this key. This just provides a convenience for the most common way to match events in your data.

### Pre-define event sequences _Optional_

It is helpful to align your organization on the definitions of common funnels. This is especially important when you have many different event types or require qualifying events with specific filters.

You can add a predefined sequence by clicking `+ Add new sequence`. Each step in the sequence can simply be defined as simply the event name or you can click the configuration icon to use any set of filters to define that step.

> Additionally, you can configure the time window in which the sequence must be completed within to qualify as a successful conversion.

Author: down to add a callout with details, i just dont know enough details to articulate how it works

You may add as many predefined sequences as you wish.

<Callout type="info">
  Using a standardized namespace for related funnels and subfunnels can be
  useful. For example names like `onboarding`, `onboarding/email confirmation`,
  and `onboarding/project configuration` can be used to define a high level
  sequence, as well as subsequences within in each step of the high level
  funnel.

> </Callout>

Author: definitely

### Exploring event analytics

> Once you've setup the data model for event analytics, you will see new options in the chart type selector in the Data Explorer. Selecting one of these new chart types will surface your event configuration as well as your predefined sequences for self service users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've set up the data model for event analytics, you will see new options in the chart type selector in the Data Explorer. Selecting one of these new chart types will surface your event configuration as well as your predefined sequences for self service users.
```
